Fixed #35732 -- Wrapped Postgresql Concat args in parenthesis to fix operator precedence bug. (#18542)
django/django: docs/releases/5.1.2.txt

Bugfixes
========

* Fixed a regression in Django 5.1 that caused a crash of ``.filter(...)`` when 

>   ``Concat`` is used in combination with ``trigram_similar`` due to concat using 

Author: ```suggestion
  ``Concat`` is used in combination with ``trigram_similar`` due to using 
```

> * Fixed a regression in Django 5.1 that caused a crash of ``.filter(...)`` when 
>   ``Concat`` is used in combination with ``trigram_similar`` due to using 
>   double pipes without wrapping it in parenthesis (:ticket:`35732`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a regression in Django 5.1 that caused a crash when using the
  PostgreSQL lookup :lookup:`trigram_similar` on output fields from ``Concat``
  (:ticket:`35732`).
```
Maybe?
The release note should just detail what got fixed rather than how it was fixed :+1:
